I am Navy Captain Dan Burns, graduates of the Naval Academy in 1984. I
am a surface warfare officer Ship driver served on two ships out of
the Pacific L P D and screw. It's out of hand. I went to the U. S.
Naval discredited school in Monterey, and after that, served on my department
tours. Chief engineer on a fast forget out of Charleston and
on the actual USS Ticonderoga out of normal, deployed on both of
those tours with the USS Teddy Roosevelt, Natalie's on both ships and
then went ashore to the awesome military affairs at Central Intelligence
Agency. While there, I screamed for XO of Aegis cruisers and
command of a small ship. But frankly, at that point my second child
had been born and I decided to resign my active duty commission and
joined the reserves. I finished out my 30 year career in the reserves.
I was recalled once during that time for a total of 18 years of active
duty, 12 years and reserves, and I retired in July off 2014